Do you support continuous integration with new versions to circumvent app store?
	Every time you do a live update you want to also push a version to apple so they can distribute the game with the total content
	Updates are OK via Apple store as long as its not absurd
	Graphic updates are easy too

Can you give us free test accounts?
	Email Tyler@AppMobi.com with Cyrus' account to give him free testing services

Do you host our "downloadable" code?  How does that mesh with Rails/Heroku?
	HostMobi -- hosts our app, we don't host it.  They just host the JavaScript and images, etc in a bundle
	AppLab is (he believes) open source.  They are 4-months out of date from the latest version

Is it realistic for us to write to your open source API given that its behind?
	They don't recommend it -- they handle a lot of things for us
		Integrated build system (cloud based)
		PushMobi push messaging
		OneTouch Universal -- in-app payments that are cross platform
		Live Updates
		Analytics (StatsMobi)
		PlayMobi (achievements, badges) including analytics
		some more too..

When do you plan to support all native hooks?
	file I/O
	access your contacts
	push notifications
	Facebook authentication
	native GUI features

Is there hooks for us to extend your product without resorting to open source?
	Yes -- "plug-ins" are the way to do that

If you don't yet support all native hooks, then will we be dead-in-the-water if we need those features?
	They have a QA team that works on the forums and fixes bugs

What is frequency of updates to build system?
	Every couple of weeks
	They're moving towards mid-summer having more functionality with more platforms supported

How many customers are live and in production?
	40,000-50,000 developers
	"Plethora" of peple in iOS/Android
	4,000 apps completed.  10 apps/day are being completed.

What is the financial arrangement between us and you for additional features?
	New financial model being announced in 1-week

How fast is your UI compared to native?  Compared to competitors?
How extensive is your docs?
Can you give us existing customers we can speak with?
What kind of support and priority can you give us?
What is the timeline for Android version?

