Ed short-term (next 2 weeks):
Play with Node.js some more
Help figure out a name for the game (nameboy.com, etc).  Research iPhone game name best practices
Project management - oversee Pivotal, keep project moving forward, track tasks and prioritizations, keep team up-to-date on things
Be available for support on git, rails, HAML, etc
Get 2 people into beta test
Misc tasks that come up that I haven't estimated
Bugs/features:
x	New CSS doesn't show up in Heroku
x	Admin login now allows for proper logins
x	Switch HAML to Slim
x	Dont send password reset email when admin users are created in database
x	Don't allow user to select himself from drop-down of partners
x	No repeat words for nouns/verbs
x	Restarting rails server or logging in from new phone browser should cause http://localhost:3000/stories and /stories/1/edit to not crash but fail elegantly
x	User can't edit story unless its their turn
x	Push notifications for turns (SMS)	
x	SMS 160 char truncation
x	Login/pass case insensitive
x	Migrate the constraints/sentences to separate tables
x	Style errors on stories-edit
x	Nudge capabilities
x	Fix ActiveAdmin for stories/constraints/sentences
x	Nudges no longer require confirm dialog box
x	Wrong person being sent SMSes
x	Next story begins when previous story ends
x	Disallow 2 stories simlutaneously with 1 person - necessary since we don't have a team concept, and since we want higher virality (must make games with multiple others)
x	If story is finished, the 'edit' dialog should show something different
x	When a new game is made from previous game, 2nd player's show-screen doesn't have a button to create a new game but rather continues with next game
x	Can't edit stories by visiting URL directly unless you are authorized (i.e. its your turn)
x	New login integration via Devise for proper user authentication -- database has been reset to reflect this
x	Basic format phone number, email validation
x	Password is stored encrypted
x	User have a form to reset a forgotten password via clicking a link and verifying their email address
x	Passwords can't be blank (all seed users have password 'admin')
x	Users can now auto-login if they previously were logged in
x	Fix Facebook integration + omniauth to devise
	Style errors on homepage
	Repopulate form when user has line rejected
	Use render rather than redirect on stories_controller.update() and have it display the error
	Think about how we want to deal with SMS sending errors
	Toggle SMS notification field
	Push notifications for turns (email)
	Invites (email, SMS)
	Survey user via SurveyMonkey
	Play audio for story
?	Create a script to both push to heroku, bundle exec rake assets:precompile, and update the heroku database in one shot for Cyrus/Janet
		Issue: gem bundler issue that hasn't been resolved, can't locate heroku gem
	
Ed medium-term:
Supporting Cyrus/Janet on Rails/Git/Node
Continue to bug fix and add features to server
	Use basis for twitter authentication to associate twitter account with current account so you can tweet stories
	Reset password should take you to homepage not custom sign-in form
	"Edit" screen is disabled when inactive player tries to Edit after turn 6 but before active player starts new game
	Don't let users pick other users from list if they've started a story already
	Reminder notifications in case people haven't finished their story in a few days (toggle-able)
	Confirm the paradigm I'm using for dealing with sentence errors is correct by asking the SourceNinja guys
	Use EventMachine or similar to background task sending SMSes
	When user signs in, they go directly to the game they had a link from
	Think about whether we need a game #.  Potentially fix listing on /stories and /stories/1/edit.  Perhaps we have users try to earn badges/levels by completing lots of stories?
	List archived stories separately from current stories
	Associate both Twitter + Facebook with single login so you can both FB share and tweet
	Invites + push notifications via Facebook
	Give users ability to FB Share + Tweet story
	Integrate KISSMetrics or roll-our-own metrics
	Figure out how to code things so that Janet can A/B test emails + SMSes
	Better validations & tests
	Add staging environment
	Alerts in case of issues with server (Airbrake)
	Continue w/Project Management
	Facebook payments or other payments
	TODO: Others based on Cyrus' prototype and Janet's customer feedback
	Highlight words that opponent used
	Improv tournaments should let you compare to friends on scores
Reach out to improv community and get feedback + get them to promote in their newsletters, students, etc to be beta customers
Help recruit a Big Data expert
Form advisory board
Handle company formation docs, legal issues, and other misc infrastructure

Ed long-term:
Continue to bug fix and add features to server:
	Performance optimizations
	TODO: Others based on Cyrus' prototype and Janet's customer feedback
Build-out the tournament system (Ed server, Cyrus client)
Learn big data to implement that, or work with big data expert we recruit
Continue w/Project Management
Oversee fundraising
Recruiting
Investor relations, managing board (if we have one)

------------

Cyrus Short-term (next 2 weeks)
Be available to answer questions from Janet on CSS
Help figure out a name for the game (nameboy.com, etc).  Research iPhone game name best practices
Continue to experiment with features in prototype
Play with hybrid frameworks after Janet finishes research and do a deep-dive on it to see what's usable.

Cyrus Medium-term:
CSS maintenance & improvements
Create and maintain all art for game
Create and maintain all needed jQuery, Ajax, and Javascript for game
iPhone native app MVP
Learn either Ruby or Node so you can do basic server-side tasks

Cyrus long-term:
iPhone complete native app, including all art and programming
Build-out the tournament system (Ed server, Cyrus client)

------------

Janet Short-term (next 2 weeks):
Initial version of CSS -- she asks Cyrus for images and specifies descriptions of them, Janet teaches herself CSS.  Cyrus maintains long-term.  Create versions whose resolutions are compatible with iPhone + Web.
Setup an "invite wall" via Launchrock.com, and put people on a waitlist when they signup.  Setup MailChimp list for invites & integrate w/Launchrock.
Customer Development, performing weekly 20-minute in-person / phone interviews with a dozen or so customers each week and giving us feedback
	Week 1: Call up our close friends to play game
	Week 2: Reach out to our extended network
Help figure out a name for the game (nameboy.com, etc - ask Ed for list).  Research iPhone game name best practices
Build dictionaries of words for game - goal is 75 nouns, 75 verbs, 50 adjectives, 50 adverbs, 25 proper nouns
Research best practices for email invites to get high conversion rates.  Look at how Zynga etc do it.
A/B test FBShare/Tweet text, email invites, SMS invites, SMS "your turn" notifications, email "your turn" notifications, SMS nudges, email nudges
Create text for all invites/notifications as listed above
Email CEO of AppGyver + other competitors these questions to find out if they'll handle ALL our needs:
	How many customers are live and in production?
	When do you plan to support all native hooks (file I/O, access your contacts, push notifications, Facebook authentication, native GUI features)?
	If you don't yet support all native hooks, then will we be dead-in-the-water if we need those features?
	Can we get access to their source code in case we have problems with your product, and can we compile the product ourselves?
	How fast is your UI compared to native?  Compared to competitors?
	How extensive is your docs?
	Can you give us existing customers we can speak with?
	What kind of support and priority can you give us?
	What is the timeline for Android version?
Generate list of potential advisors (ideal: those who run game companies).  Reach out to top-5 after we agree on who would add value, show them game, get feedback (they are part of 12/week testers).
Research how to best promote iOS and Facebook games

Janet Medium-term:
Buy sample A/B testing traffic (e.g. StumbleUpon) & oversee A/B testing for optimzing conversion of users for web version -- Optimizely or Unbounce, look into whether we can do it with dynamic pages, but at least the homepage
Continue w/Customer Development
Continue w/A-B Testing
*Precreate blog content for us
Line-up people with high klout scores.  Ask them for feedback on the game.  Build relationships with them, so that in the future they promote our game on twitter/Facebook/etc.
Handle PR -- build relationships with media and get articles written about us
Create affiliate marketing system and partner with affiliates to promote our game, giving them revenue share if they refer leads to us
Form partnerships with other game studios for cross-promotion (could be affiliates)	
Partner with "creative writing" communities
Setup Facebook / Twitter accounts for us
Pre-create newsletter content
Work network (e.g. advisors) to get us a relationship with Apple so that we're featured in the App Store (important!) -- also goto linkedIn and find out who knows Apple people
Help recruit a Big Data expert

Janet Long-term:
Continue w/Customer Development
Continue w/A-B Testing
Continue to network to get us a relationship with Apple
Maintain facebook/twitter accounts, keeping them active
Handle regular newsletters
Experiment with various marketing campaigns (e.g. TouchArcade ad buy in exchange for coverage)
Create and manage some sort of viral campaign
Be the community manager on our tournament site
Handle customer support, Q&A on our forums
Run and manage the tournaments
Handle prize fulfillment
Pushing out words and replacing with better words based on metrics
Fundraising
Become our 'Android expert' -- build product for Android

